Open external links in new tab - Closes #523 (#537)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/hello-world.adoc

module.exports = HelloTransaction;
----

> TIP: Pleas see the file on Github: {url_github_hello_tx}[hello_world/hello_transaction.js^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Please see the following file on Github: {url_github_hello_tx}[hello_world/hello_transaction.js^]
```

    });
----

> TIP: Please see the file on Github: {url_github_hello_index}[hello_world/index.js^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Please see the following file on Github: {url_github_hello_index}[hello_world/index.js^].
```

Author: We are referring to the code snippet above, so the `following` file sounds irritating for me here.

Reviewer: OK, sounds good then yes in that case let's remove 'following.
